And then?
What in the world have your kids done now?
You know what? I'm going to kill someone.
Lindani.
Mr. Gomora.
Are you drinking my liquor?
I was. uh…
I was struggling to sleep.
So I needed a little something
to help me sleep.
I'm… I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Oh.
Hmm.
This whiskey
will definitely do that.
It will actually help you
get some good sleep.
I've got some real good stuff in my study.
Come.
A beautiful bottle like this.
of this caliber.
needs you to relax and be comfortable.
Twenty-five years in the barrel.
And it was produced in France.
Mmm.
Whoa. Slowly. Relax.
-Are you all right?
-It burns.
Yes.
Here. have some more.
Slowly.
Hold it right there.
Now swirl it around your mouth.
Give it some tongue.
Now swallow.
Hmm?
It feels a little smoother now.
It's smoother.
-Yes.
-There we go.
You let me know if you want another round.
Please put it in again.
Huh?
Please put it in.
-Put it in?
-Yes. please.
No.
You don't put it in.
It's poured.
Wow. where have you been?
I was at Mpume's.
You better just be from Mpume's house.
Listen. I don't want a baby
after nine months
going wah-wah in my house. Do you hear me?
There won't be any baby.
I'm not feeding
any bastard child in my house.
I heard you. Mom.
No one is getting pregnant.
Good.
Hello.
There we go.
Perfect. There we go.
Mmm.
You look gorgeous.
Thank you.
I wouldn't be looking this good
if it wasn't for you
buying this outfit for me.
Oh?
This place is beautiful.
Mmm.
You know. I've never had someone
book a whole restaurant
just for us to eat.
Thank you.
I really enjoy spoiling my women.
The sommelier didn't mention
where the wine was produced.
It comes from an area
that has limestone deposits.
which gives the grapes a distinct taste.
-Mpume! Mpume. give me back my phone.
-Mister…
-Mmm.
-You know everything.
There's a lot more I want to learn.
You should just get closer to me.
"I can't wait to run my hands
between your warm thighs."
Disgusting. Are you seeing an older man?
-Lindani.
-He's not older. Give me back my phone.
How old is he?
Just a young. 45-year-old man.
I beg your pardon?
What? Jeez.
Give me back my phone.
You know.
people always tell me about three…
-…some?
-Uh-uh.
Oh. oh. oh. oh.
Three and five-course meals.
-Uh-huh.
-Not seven.
Oh. that's nothing.
There's a place I want to take you to
in Stellenbosch.
-In Cape Town?
-Cape Town.
However. they-- they serve 11 courses.
No way. My stomach would burst
-with that much food.
-Oh.
-Do you know what's about to burst?
-What?
You know what's gonna burst?
Now. what about X?
Oh. come on.
It's still a talking stage.
It's not that serious.
X and I are also fine. Wow.
What is there to talk about
with a 45-year-old?
Talking stage? Take your phone.
I don't know what it is.
but I like how troublesome you are.
I haven't even started.
Here's something we haven't tried.
Taste this.
Uh-huh. Put it here.
See what you do to me?
You feel that?
You feel what you're doing to me?
Where's the Life Orientation book?
You know. LO.
Let's learn about serious things.
Mr. Gomora. please stop.
Uh-uh. uh-uh. uh-uh.
Call me J.
-Baby.
-Hmm?
Tell me.
Do you ever imagine us
getting out of Soweto?
Living in the suburbs?
Oh. yes. That time is. uh. coming.
And you'll take me out
to fancy restaurants.
And we'll book the whole restaurant
just for you and me only
and then drink all kinds of wines
and eat 11-course meals.
Then what?
We come home to an empty fridge?
Honestly. that doesn't make sense.
Babe. I just think
you're not dreaming big enough.
Don't you want us to leave Soweto?
I was born here.
and I'm definitely not gonna die here.
All I'm saying is that don't compare
yourself to the rich kids at school.
This is home.
But. baby. don't you want a house with
a pool so we can swim when it gets hot?
Live in a penthouse?
Drink wine.
Superstar. you're my fighter.
You should know me by now.
I told you I could do it.
I am a superstar.
I'll bring you your drink.
J.
J what?
Just look at you. hmm?
You're dressed like that in my house?
This is not just your house.
It belongs to Joyce as well.
What if she walks in on us?
What will she do then?
Who do you think you're talking to?
I'm not one of your friends.
I'm sorry for being disrespectful.
It's just that…
I'm just a bit afraid.
Don't be scared.
What are you scared of?
Huh?
Don't be… be afraid.
Don't panic.
We're just talking. you and I.
Right?
Yes. sir.
Yeah.
Oh. damn.
Yeah?
Listen.
I leave for Durban soon.
I would love for you to join me.
Um…
-Yeah. I'd love to join you.
-Oh. really?
I've never been to Durban.
-Oh. is it?
-Yes.
Okay. Tell you what.
-Listen.
-Yeah.
I'm a grown man.
You're a grown-up too. right?
Yes.
We're not going there to play
hide-and-seek or cat-and-mouse. right?
We're… We're not gonna play hide-and-seek.
-We won't?
-Yeah.
Well. thank you for the juice. Mr. Gomora.
-All right. no worries.
-Menzi.
-Hi.
Dad.
Son.
-Yes.
-Mmm.
I hope you've got everything.
Don't forget your ID. Lindan.
Wow! Unbelievable.
Thank you. my friend. for picking me up.
Are you sure
he's not taking advantage of you?
Take advantage of who?
Me? Mpume. he's taking me
to Durban for a vacation.
He loves me and respects me.
He loves and respects me.
If he's "perfect." Lindan.
what does he want with a young girl?
Mpume. some things you'll only understand
when you're older.
When you're fully a woman.
I don't want to understand.
-Disgusting.
-So what do they eat in Durban?
-Everything.
-Mmm.
You know when I say everything.
I mean everything.
There's this. uh. holiday house
my father used to take us to in Durban.
Your father has a holiday house?
I didn't tell you?
No.
You did not.
It's so beautiful.
Mmm.
-It's beautiful.
-Mmm.
It feels like heaven.
Oh.
That's where we're going.
Hmm?
Let me go see what's outside.
My goodness.
This place is really beautiful.
Yes. Let's go and see.
Come on now.
Get out of there.
Sorry. I was enjoying the water.
Leave the water alone.
Come choose here what you'd like to eat
from the menu.
Mmm.
Mmm…
Our holiday house
comes with a private chef.
There's a burger he introduced me to.
It is called. um. Wagyu with foie gras.
It has foie gras?
What the hell is foie gras?
-It's French.
-Hmm?
-Oh. I know what I want to eat.
-Ah?
Does this menu have
a Wagyu burger with foie gras?
What do you know about Wagyu burgers?
And foie gras?
-Oh. please. I know a thing or two.
-Mmm.
You know there's more options on that menu
and plenty of food to choose from
than just your burger.
-I see that now.
-Mm-hmm.
What are you having for a starter?
Oh. for starters?
I see sweet corn here. Maybe…
Okay.
Don't worry.
Everything will go well today.
You are thee Gomora after all.
You make things happen.
Go or you'll be late.
Oh.
Listen.
Put this on for me.
Why don't you put it on?
Oh. but this underwear is--
Just put it on.
Don't you want to make me happy?
Hmm?
Don't you want to make Daddy happy?
I do.
Then go.
Do you like it?
Come here.
So what's that?
Oh.
No.
These are things
I want us to have fun with.
But only if you're comfortable with it.
If you feel like it's enough.
I'll stop.
Are you ready?
Yeah.
Just a little… …game for us to play.
Mpume. my legs were constantly in the air.
I left Soweto a sweet little girl.
You know?
And I came back a fully grown woman.
Uh. hold on. does he have a big belly…
-…that hides his machine?
-No. no. no. His machine?
His machine really works.
It works in the morning.
during the day. and at night.
Morning. during the day.
and night. It works--
So your phone does work?
You've been ignoring me all weekend.
-Xolani. give me my phone.
-Just wait a minute.
-I wasn't ignoring you.
-Piss off. Lindani.
-Give me. my--
-Actually. you're full of shit.
You think I'm a fool.
I'm not. I was with Mpume
the whole weekend doing an assignment.
Fuck that assignment shit.
Let's see who you've been talking to.
-Xolani. my phone.
-Just wait. Give me a minute.
Xolani!
Xolani.
I have the right thing for you.
-Let me take it out for you.
-Wow.
Let me plug you.
You carry panties around in your bag?
When you go to Bonginkosi wearing this…
What the fuck is this?
And something you ladies should know
is if you don't put out. he won't stay.
Bongs would never cheat on me.
He's nothing like my dad.
Girl. you're absolutely right.
Your father is something else.
Oh. no! Lindani.
Is it mine?
How can you even ask me
something like that. Xolan?
You think I haven't noticed
your shady behavior of late?
You're always at Mpume's every weekend.
Now I'm trying to process everything.
Look. you know me better than anyone.
You know what type of man I am.
I know.
If I have to be responsible
for this child. I will.
What I need you to do is
look me in the eyes
and swear on your mother's life
that it's mine.
Please.
Who else could this child belong to?
I hope those 11-course meals
were worth it.
-Xolani.
-Mm-mmm.
Don't cry. baby girl. Don't cry.
You know what they say.
a child-- a child is a blessing.
No matter how messy the situation is.
Uh-uh. Uh-uh. Uh-uh. Uh-uh.
I don't want to see you crying again.
We'll work it out.
How will we work it out?
Look.
I'll get you a nanny
to help you with the baby.
So that you can carry on with school.
Don't worry. you'll be fine.
This is a blessing.
You brought me to a club?
I thought I'd surprise you…
-Wow.
-…'cause you always do nice things for me.
You. you're crazy.
-Me? I'm crazy?
-Yes.
What do you mean I'm crazy?
Hmm?
Can't you tell?
No.
You know she's a sweet girl.
Yes.
Don't be so scared.
You're such a coward. my boy.
Huh?
And you're giving up on that?
She-- She has a boyfriend.
Listen here.
What's the old saying. brother?
You find a partner from someone else.
-Exactly.
-Take her from him.
Take her from him.